# Event Table

Event table is used to store network events related to device nodes. Event and Frame tables are linked using the field *FrameId/IdFrame*, also, Event and Node tables are related through key *NodeId/IdNode*.

Fields in this table are:

-   **IdEvent:** table key. Unique identifier for events
-   **FrameId:** foreign key to link with the main database table: Frame. This field points to a specific frame that has triggered this event
-   **Event:** type of event. It can have these values:
    -   **Joining.** A node has started a bootstrap process
    -   **Challenge.** Coordinator has send a challenge information to a device
    -   **Accepted.** Coordinator has received a Bootstrap confirmation from a device
    -   **Denied.** Either a node has been kicked from the network by the coordinator or has been denied access
    -   **Route Update.** The coordinator has received a route request from a node. This frame contains information related to the route cost to a device
    -   **Hop Count Update.** The event is triggered when a message \(targeting PAN coordinator\) contains a Mesh Header. Mesh Header has the number of hops that a node needs to communicate with the coordinator. That information is used to sort the device list in levels
    -   **Path Update**. This event is triggered when a path response message is received by the PAN Coordinator. This information is used to update the Device List accordingly
-   **NodeId:** Foreign key to Node table. This field uniquely links an event to a device node
-   **Data:** this field holds different values depending on the event:

    |Event|Name|Data|
    |:---:|:--:|:--:|
    |1|Joining|Empty|
    |2|Challenge|Short Address assigned to a node|
    |3|Accepted|LoWPAN Bootstrap Agent for this node|
    |4|Denied|Empty|
    |5|Route Cost Update|Array containing: Source Node \(16-bit\), Destination Node \(16-bit\), Neighbor node \(16-bit\), Cost \(16-bit\), number of hops \(8-bit\)|
    |6|Hop Count Update|Array containing: Destination Node \(16-bit\) and number of Hops \(8-bit\)|
    |7|Path Update|String containing the route path to a node|


**Parent topic:**[Appendix B. G3-PLC SQLite Log Database](GUID-B1D36D7B-7A26-4B4E-B5DB-E314EF9CEF9F.md)

